This directory will be the work I have for the science fair project I hope to do with some 
high-school students. The project will be an answer to this question: 


	How many supernovae need to go off in the galaxy per unit time for the average location in the galaxy to be habitable?


==Implementation==

	Take a number N supernovae going off randomly, with mean time separation every T years. I imagine the explosion time would be sampled from 
an exponential distribution with time constant T. T will be a free parameter of this fit. Every time a supernova goes off, its location in the 
galaxy is randomly chosen from a uniform distribution of locations in the galaxy. Potential next step: make this some non-uniform PDF of galaxy 
locations, favoring star-forming regions or whatever.

	Then, sample from a distribution of light curves for each supernova, and calculate the flux received from that supernova at some given 
location in the galaxy. Do this for all supernovae going off in the galaxy, accounting for the distance to each supernova, and where along its light 
curve the supernova is. 

	'The average location in the galaxy' could be interpreted to mean: the average distance to the nearest supernova in the galaxy, when 
supernovae are distributed throughout the galaxy. So the question is-how many supernovae need to go off in the Milky Way for a planet at this 
distance to be habitable. Potential next step: talk specifically about the Earth's location in the galaxy, and couple it with using a non-uniform PDF 
of galaxy locations for the supernovae.

	Habitability can be defined in many different ways, of differing complexities. We should stick with the simplest conception-we want the flux 
received by this planet to be equal to the stellar flux we get from the Sun. From the Sun, we get a flux of 1361 W/m^2. Potential next step: use a 
more complex definition of habitability-we could use an atmospheric model for the planet and try to make there be water on the surface. 


In short, in the Milky Way galaxy, how many supernovae would have to go off, and how often, such that at the average distance to any supernova in the
galaxy, you get a supernova flux if 1361 W/m^2?




==Background Concepts==

=Math/Astro Concepts=

Supernovae
	Flux and Luminosity
		Inv square distances
	Light Curve



Distributions
	Uniform Distributions
	Exponential Distribution
	Randomly Sampling from a distribution


